# MIT Portfolio Project: Emilio's Portfolio
## emilionarvaez.github.io

> MIT xPRO - Week 10

This project is part of the MIT "Full Stack Developer" course taken.

## Description

This website provides an introduction about myself, and my experience as Software Engineer. 

### Features

The website was designed as a single-page application, and was designed using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and Bootstrap technologies. 

## Installation

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. At, eaque? Ut
praesentium expedita atque placeat, possimus beatae ea, totam provident
necessitatibus assumenda alias, sunt quae aut rem eum magnam dolorem
quisquam sequi suscipit labore illum soluta cum obcaecati! Repudiandae,
excepturi!

## Usage

### Usage:

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. At, eaque? Ut
praesentium expedita atque placeat, possimus beatae ea, totam provident
necessitatibus assumenda alias, sunt quae aut rem eum magnam dolorem
quisquam sequi suscipit labore illum soluta cum obcaecati! Repudiandae,
excepturi!

### Expected outcomes:

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. At, eaque? Ut
praesentium expedita atque placeat, possimus beatae ea, totam provident
necessitatibus assumenda alias, sunt quae aut rem eum magnam dolorem
quisquam sequi suscipit labore illum soluta cum obcaecati! Repudiandae,
excepturi!

## Support

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. At, eaque? Ut
praesentium expedita atque placeat, possimus beatae ea, totam provident
necessitatibus assumenda alias, sunt quae aut rem eum magnam dolorem
quisquam sequi suscipit labore illum soluta cum obcaecati! Repudiandae,
excepturi!

## Roadmap

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. At, eaque? Ut
praesentium expedita atque placeat, possimus beatae ea, totam provident
necessitatibus assumenda alias, sunt quae aut rem eum magnam dolorem
quisquam sequi suscipit labore illum soluta cum obcaecati! Repudiandae,
excepturi!

## Versioning

Version 1.0

## License

"Emilio's Portfolio" is free, open source, and GPL friendly. You can use it for
commercial projects, open source projects, or really almost whatever you want.

## Team

- [Emilio Narvaez](https://github.com/emilionarvaez)
